Chart: Update argumentAxis.strip value docs (#7839)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxChart/1 Configuration/argumentAxis/strips/endValue.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Defines the strip end value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the strip's end value.
```

---

> When **argumentAxis**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type) is *"linear"* or *"logarithmic"*, **endValue** specifies exactly where the strip ends. When **argumentAxis**.**type** is *"discrete"*, **endValue** defines which discrete argument the strip ends at. In discrete axes, strips start and end at the edges of discrete argument areas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **argumentAxis**.[type](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/argumentAxis/#type) is *"linear"* or *"logarithmic"*, **endValue** specifies the strip's end. When **argumentAxis**.**type** is *"discrete"*, **endValue** defines at which discrete argument the strip ends. In discrete axes, strips start and end at the edges of discrete argument areas.
```
